Fix message bar color being picked from background (#4118)
alacritty/alacritty: CHANGELOG.md

- Cursors are now inverted when their fixed color is similar to the cell's background
- Use working directory of active process instead of shell for SpawnNewInstance action
- Fallback to normal underline for unsupported underline types in `CSI 4 : ? m` escapes

> - Yellow/Red colors for message bar not being picked from user's config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use yellow/red from the config for error and warning messages instead of fixed colors
```

We should rephrase this, since it's a change not a fix.

- Slow rendering performance with HiDPI displays, especially on macOS
- Keys swallowed during search when pressing them right before releasing backspace
- Crash when a wrapped line is rotated into the last line

> - Yellow/Red colors for message bar not being picked from user's config

Reviewer: Maybe this should be in the `Changed` section, since this was never intended to be this way.

Author: I guess it could be there.
